c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\Logberry.exe.config
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\Logberry.exe
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\Logberry.pdb
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\Logberry.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\Logberry_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\Logberry.g.resources
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\Logberry.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\Logberry.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\Logberry.exe
c:\users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\Logberry.pdb
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\InformerPrompt.baml
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\obj\Debug\InformerPrompt.g.cs
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\AvalonDock.pdb
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\de\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\es\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\fr\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\hu\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\it\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\pt-BR\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\ro\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\ru\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\sv\AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\vv05\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Logberry\Logberry\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\AvalonDock.resources.dll
